hi guys welcome to part four seven of my
gta3 hundreds and warframe now are
working for a we need to deal with this
guide McCaffrey who used to be a cop but
he still is actually but he worked from
an LCS for toni cipriani just quite cool
the background there and he lives very
close to the LCS safe outside out and we
basically have to finish him off pretty
much less and letters to it I know a
really good trick to make this mission a
lot easier than this should be and since
its Gareth is really small you can
normally block it at the car or
something I normally just block it up
like two cars yeah that's the window of
this apartment don't know why decided to
leave it open maybe it's a hot day but
yeah just get this car as well
make sure you have a lot of grenades you
should have grenades by now even
watching my whip fruit I'm in order
because I've got definitely enough
hidden packages by now to have grenades
so we have to do is just throw a grenade
for his window or if you have a rocket
launcher for some reason use that
because that's a lot more accurate see
if that works
damn no hello I'm sure that car being
now still be okay you'll block off block
him off for a while anyway is that gonna
work no damn it
sorry about this guys I'm not very good
at frame grenades I'm not very good with
media dams I'm not doing too well of
this that's more like it
that was for a bunch grenades quickly
there you go that's all there is to it
thanks for watching guys and see you in
the next video there are two paintable
vehicles in the next video so see you
then right